Update about-access.md (#2909)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/manage-access/about-access.md

## FAQs
- **When are IdP group memberships updated for SSO Mapped groups?**  <br />
  Group memberships are updated every time a user logs into dbt Cloud via a supported SSO provider. If you've changed group memberships in your identity provider or dbt Cloud, ask your users to log back into dbt Cloud for these group memberships to be synchronized.

- **Can I set up SSO without RBAC?**  <br />
  Yes, see the documentation on [Manual Assignment](#manual-assignment) above for more information on using SSO without RBAC.

- **Can I configure a user's License Type based on IdP Attributes?** <br />
  Yes, see the docs on [managing license types](/cloud-seats-and-users#managing-license-types) for more information.

> - **Why can't I edit the group membership of a particular user?**  <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Why can't I edit a user's group membership?**  <br />
```

>   Check to see that you are not trying to edit the group memberships of your own user as this is not allowed. You will need a different user to modify your own users group memberships.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you're not trying to edit your own user as this isn't allowed for security reasons. To edit the group membership of your own user, you'll need a different user to make those changes.
```

- **Can I configure a user's License Type based on IdP Attributes?** Yes, see
  the docs on [managing license types](/cloud-seats-and-users#managing-license-types)
  for more information.

> - **Why can't I edit the group membership of a particular user?** Check to see that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Why can't I edit a user's group membership?** Make sure you're not trying to edit your own user as this isn't allowed for security reasons. To edit the group membership of your own user, you'll need a different user to make those changes.
```
